He has high fever since past 3 days suffering from malaria. He is prescribed to take Crocin thrice a day for two days after meals.
He has runny nose and cough for the past 4 days suffering from common cold. He is prescribed to take Acutram twice a day for a week after meals. 
He has had a high fever for the past 3 days suffering from malaria. He is prescribed to take Crocin thrice a day for two days after meals.
He has had a high fever for the past 2 days suffering from yellow fever.He is prescribed to take amiodon thrice a day for every other day before meals.
He has had a high fever for the past 2 days suffering from yellow fever.He is prescribed to take hipenox before bedtime.
Patient is having runny nose and red eyes but there is no fever he is diagnosed with measles and advice to take lirinox two times a day for 2 days before breakfast and after dinner and lapin-d thrice a day for five days after each meal.
He has high fever since past 3 days suffering from malaria. He is prescribed to take mucomix. thrice a day for every other day after meals.
Patient is having blocked nose and watery eyes but there is no sore throat he is diagnosed with influenza and advice to take sporidex three times a day for a week before lunch and before dinner and alcalm 500 mg  twice a day for a week after each meal.
Patient is having blocked nose and watery eyes but there is no fever he is diagnosed with influenza and advice to take alzex  three times a day for a week before lunch and before dinner and alcalm 500 mg  twice a day for a week after each meal.
He has high fever since past 2 days suffering from measles. He is prescribed to take milflox plus thrice a day for two days after meals.
He has high fever since past 5 days suffering from measles. He is prescribed to take sparzid four times a day for two days after meals.
Mr. Karun is having minor headache since morning and he is also feeling Nausea since past few days he should take lyto after lunch for a day or two till he feels better.
Mr. Karun is having sneezes since morning and he is also feeling dizziness since past 3 days he should take azithromycin after lunch for a day or two till he feels better.
Ms. Kaur is having minor stomach ache since last night and she is also feeling Nausea since past few days she should take roko after lunch for two days.
Patient vomited once in morning and is feeling little dizzy he has coronavirus. For a week he should take labclox after lunch and dinner for another half a month.
